MM-30332. Meraki IPAM discovery. (#338)
menandmice/micetro_docs: guides/user-manual/cisco_meraki.rst

Cisco Meraki
=============

Micetro integrates with Cisco Meraki to organize and customize DDI for remote office networks. It helps coordinate and manage important IP resources and network data on the Cisco Meraki platform, such as IP ranges, addresses, virtual local area networks (VLANs), and DHCP settings. This ensures efficient mapping and management of these elements in Micetro.

In Micetro, you can synchronize and manage both Meraki networks that have DHCP enabled and those that don't. Refer to :ref:`synchronize-meraki` below for more information about managing synchronized Meraki clients.

An ``admin`` user can configure synchronization parameters for your Meraki integration in :ref:`Advanced System Settings<admin-advanced>`.

.. tip::
    For information about how to set up a connection between Micetro and Meraki, refer to these instructions on :ref:`how to add a cloud service to Micetro<cloud>`.

Viewing Your Meraki Infrastructure
----------------------------------

> When you have added your Meraki environment to Micetro, your networks will appear on the **IPAM** page. Micetro retrieves DHCP data from all networks that have an MX appliance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have added your Meraki environment to Micetro, your networks will appear on the **IPAM** page. Micetro retrieves subnets from all networks that have an MX appliance. 
```
Perhaps it's more correct here to say "subnets" to encapsulate both DHCP and non-DHCP subnets?

.. image:: ../../images/ipam-grid-25.1.png
  :width: 100%

Double-click a range or scope in the **IPAM** grid to view its associated IP addresses. This opens the **IP Addresses** grid, where you can monitor the statuses of all IP addresses within the range or scope. 

> Network clients are shown as leases, indicated in the **State** column by :guilabel:`Leased`. When a Meraki client is synchronized in Micetro, the IP address history updates. For more information about viewing IP addresses, refer to :ref:`view-networks`.

Reviewer 2: We show network clients as "assigned" if it's a vlan with no dhcp, does that need to be mentioned here ?

Author: This is further down on the page, so I'm going to consolidate it all in one spot.

.. image:: ../../images/meraki/range-view.png
  :width: 100%

> You can use the :guilabel:`Cloud Networks` filter in the leftmost sidebar to filter the data grid by cloud networks only.

Reviewer 2: Potentially mention here that we are Meraki networks are "cloud-networks" in Micetro.

.. image:: ../../images/cloud-networks-filter.png
  :width: 100%

.. _synchronize-meraki:

Viewing Synchronized Meraki Clients
-----------------------------------

> It's possible to synchronize Meraki subnets and their clients regardless of whether the subnets have DHCP enabled or disabled, or have configured a DHCP relay to another server. A subnet is associated with a :guilabel:`Range`. For Meraki subnets, the **Authority** column of the **IPAM** data grid is populated with the Meraki cloud network the subnet belongs to.

Reviewer 2: How about Meraki network instead  of Meraki cloud network here. Since that is the terminology that Meraki uses?

Multiple subnets can be associated with the same range, in which case the **Authority** column is populated with **Overlap**. Depending on how many ranges the subnet is associated with, the **Authority** column also displays the names or the number of associated ranges.

.. image:: ../../images/meraki-ipam-overlap.png
  :width: 90%

> Clients on DHCP networks may have a :guilabel:`Leased` or :guilabel:`Reserved` **State**, dependng on whether the client has been temporarily or permanently assigned.

Reviewer 2: depending*

Clients on non-DHCP networks have an :guilabel:`Assigned` **State** and their **Discovery Type** is API, which can be viewed in the Inspector.

.. image:: ../../images/meraki-ipam-discovery.png
  :width: 90%

> 

Reviewer 2: Really like this section here, very insightful for users.

For more information about how Meraki data is displayed in Micetro, refer to :ref:`Mapping of Meraki objects to Micetro<meraki-mapping>`.

Managing VLANs and LANs
-----------------------

> VLANs and single LANs are displayed as :guilabel:`Scope` instances on the **IPAM** page. The tabs at the bottom of the leftmost sidebar allow you to filter the grid by DHCP service. Each Meraki network with DHCP enabled is displayed as a DHCP service, so you can use this filter to limit the view to the VLANs/single LANs of a specific network.

Reviewer 2: As of last friday, this is no longer the case 😄 . When the Meraki networks were added to the cloud network filter they were removed from the DHCP services filter. So this filter not longer applies to them.
